# Python 做题

## **Problem 3.2 (10 pts)** 

Next, you need to find the maximum again, but with some extra information: the previous maximum you found! Define and implement a function named exactly get_maximum_below that takes three integers as arguments, the two integers we should compare to find the maximum of, and the third as a limit, the previous maximum you found, and returns an integer according to the following logic:

• If the first integer is greater or equal to the limit, return the second integer. 

• If the second integer is greater or equal to the limit, return the first integer. 

• If it’s neither of those, call get_maximum with the first two integers and return the value you got back

---

简而言之： 如果超过 `limit` 立刻暴毙 ， 直接选取剩下的，否则就是两个比大小；我们现在的任务就是使用这个函数和简单的两个比大小来实现功能

---


# Problem 3.3: Calculate the "Best" Integer

**Points:** 10 pts

**Task:**
Once you have implemented and tested the previous functions, it is time to calculate the "best" integer. Define and implement a function named exactly `get_the_best`, which will take five unique integers and return the middle-most integer using the two previous functions you have designed. You cannot use any other functions.

**Examples:**

```python
>>> get_the_best(6, 8, 10, 2, 4) 
6

>>> get_the_best(32, 83, 772, 1000, 1983) 
772
```
**Hint:**
We should always look for ways to make our lives easier when coding. This problem forces us to do just that by splitting this task into three less complex steps. Take each step in isolation, and avoid getting caught up in how the parts will work together; only try to solve the problem in front of you.

The first two functions only compare two numbers together, but we'll need to compare five. How can we use those functions to do that? First, consider how to use `get_maximum` to get the maximum of three numbers. 

> 这个比较简单，`max(max(a1,a2),a3)` 即可

We'd need to compare two numbers, which returns the maximum between the first two. If we call the function again using that returned value along with our third input, this would give us the maximum of the three values. Following this pattern, how can you extend this to four values? Then to five?

Once you find the maximum value of the five inputs, use that maximum to find the maximum value below that and then use that value to find the maximum value below that second maximum.


```python
bigest = get_maximum(a,get_maximum(b,get_maximum(c,get_maximum(d,e))))
second_bigest = get_maximum_below(a,get_maximum(b,get_maximum(c,get_maximum(d,e,bigest),bigest),bigest),bigest)
thrid_bigest = get_maximum_below(a,get_maximum(b,get_maximum(c,get_maximum(d,e,second_bigest),second_bigest),second_bigest),second_bigest)

```